[Autogenerated] Okay, welcome to the quicksight portion of this module.
Now, we just had an overview on what QUICKSIGHT is and why it's used.
And this is going to be a very short clip on how we can
implement it or what it looks like.
So I'll click on, Sign up for Quicksight,
and this brings us to our create account screen.
Now, I'm not gonna go through with this because I don't want to pay for this,
But you can see there's standard and enterprise selections.
So depending on your use case, they have a lower tier and a higher tier,
and you can see the primary differences right here at the bottom.
There's private VPC access, role level security data encryption at rest,
etcetera on the enterprise selection as opposed to the basic standard.
And you can see, in addition to that,
that the author per month prices are different.
So you pay a fee per author that can access the data
and alter it as well as your readers.
So you pay per session for the readers,
and what's nice is they max it out at $5 per month.
Now a reason you might use the enterprise selection is really for the
encryption protocols and the row level security.
So you can create different dashboards for different users
so they don't get to see other user data.
They can only see their own.
So this allows you to have shared tendency for your database is
in your data sources but still restrict Who can see what when
you're reporting those visualizations.
So if you ever get an exam question mentioning business
intelligence and data visualizations with dashboards,
chances are quick Site is going to play a part of that solution.
It allows for business intelligence related people to
make decisions based on reports.
So that's gonna do it.
Let's go ahead and finish here and in the next clip, we'll have a quick module review before we move on.